DOCSP-48357-incorrect-vs-type (#741)
mongodb/docs-compass: source/indexes/create-vector-search-index.txt

   .. step:: Provide the Atlas Vector Search Index configurations

>       You must initially provide the following default vector search index 

Reviewer: The first sentence in this paragraph mentions "the following". Can we update the wording here to something like:
You must provide all required fields for your vector search index configuration.

>       configurations. You can modify the configurations later. To learn more, 
>       see :ref:`avs-types-vector-search-options`.

Reviewer: [suggestion]
To make the destination content more clear, maybe we can add a bit to the crosslink sentence
```suggestion
      configurations. You can modify the configurations later. For more information on required fields 
      in vector search index configurations, see :ref:`avs-types-vector-search-options`.
```
